Improve pkgdown articles; add a new article on filling layouts (#498)
rstudio/bslib: vignettes/cards.Rmd

Cards are a common organizing unit for modern user interfaces (UI). At their core, they're just rectangular containers with borders and padding. However, when utilized properly to group related information, they help users better digest, engage, and navigate through content. This is why most successful dashboard/UI frameworks make cards a core feature of their component library. This article provides an overview of the API that bslib provides to create [Bootstrap cards](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/components/card/).

## Setup code

> Since this article is statically hosted (i.e., not powered by Shiny), it uses statically rendered [htmlwidgets](http://www.htmlwidgets.org/) like `{plotly}` and `{leaflet}` (but don't worry, `card()`s [work in Shiny equally as well](#shiny)). Here's some code to create those widgets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since this article is statically hosted and not powered by Shiny, it uses statically rendered [htmlwidgets](http://www.htmlwidgets.org/) like `{plotly}` and `{leaflet}`. Don't worry, `card()`s [work in Shiny equally as well](#shiny). Here's some code to create those widgets:
```

    class = "bg-dark",
    "A header"
  ),
  markdown("Some text with a [link](https://github.com).")
)
```
:::
:::

## Scrolling contents

::: row
::: col-md-6

> By default, a `card()`'s size grows to accommodate the size of it's contents. Thus, if a `card_body()` contains a large amount of text, table(s), etc., you may want to specify a `height`. Although, when laying out [multiple cards](#multiple-cards), you probably shouldn't specify a `height` on the card-level (instead, the height should probably come from a containing element, like `layout_column_wrap()`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, a `card()`'s size grows to accommodate the size of it's contents. Thus, if a `card_body()` contains a large amount of text, tables, or other elements, you may want to specify a `height`. That said, when laying out [multiple cards](#multiple-cards), you probably shouldn't specify a `height` on the card-level. Instead, the height should probably come from a containing element, like `layout_column_wrap()`.
```

Although scrolling is convenient for reducing the amount of space required to park lots of content, it can also be a nuisance to the user. To help reduce the need for scrolling, consider pairing scrolling with `full_screen = TRUE` (which adds an icon to expand the card's size to the browser window).
:::

::: col-md-6
```{r}
card(
  height = 200,
  full_screen = TRUE,
  card_header(
    "A long, scrolling, description"
  ),

>   lapply(
>     lorem::ipsum(paragraphs = 3, sentences = c(5, 5, 5)),
>     tags$p

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  lorem::ipsum(paragraphs = 3, sentences = 5)
```

`sentences` of length 1 are recycled and `lorem::ipsum()` has an `as.tags()` method now :)

  )
)
```
:::
:::

## Filling contents

<div class="row">
<div class="col-md-6">

> When a `card()` (or one of it's parent elements) is opinionated about it's height (i.e., `height` is specified and/or `full_screen = TRUE`), it's often convenient to allow re-sizable contents (e.g., plots, tables, etc) to grow and shrink as needed to fit inside the card body (i.e., no scrolling). This can be done by first using `card_body_fillable()` to create a fillable card body container and then placing "fill items" inside of the fillable container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a `card()` (or one of it's parent elements) is opinionated about it's height -- i.e., `height` is specified and/or `full_screen = TRUE` -- it's often convenient to allow re-sizable contents (e.g., plots, tables, etc) to grow and shrink as needed to fit inside the card body so the user doesn't need to scroll inside the card. This can be done by first using `card_body_fillable()` to create a fillable card body container and then placing "fill items" inside of the fillable container.
```

:::

## Scrolling & filling

::: row
::: col-md-6
Keep in mind that it's possible to have multiple card body containers within a given `card()`, which is primarily useful for having both scrolling and fillable behavior.
:::

::: col-md-6
```{r}
card(
  height = 300, full_screen = TRUE,
  card_header("Plot with long description"),
  card_body_fillable(plotly_widget),
  card_body(
    height = "30%", 

>     lapply(
>       lorem::ipsum(paragraphs = 3, sentences = c(5, 5, 5)),
>       tags$p
>     )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    lorem::ipsum(paragraphs = 3, sentences = 5)
```

::: row
::: col-md-6

> Both `card_body()` and `card_body_fillable()` include padding between their contents and the `card()` container by default. In either case, you can override those defaults with Bootstrap's [spacing utility classes](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.2/utilities/spacing/), like `"p-0"` to remove the padding altogether. This is especially useful if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both `card_body()` and `card_body_fillable()` include padding between their contents and the `card()` container by default. In either case, you can override those defaults with Bootstrap's [spacing utility classes](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.2/utilities/spacing/), like applying `"p-0"` to remove the padding altogether. This is especially useful if
```

::: row
::: col-md-6

> Utility classes are really useful since they not only also help with spacing and alignment of stuff _within_ a `card_body()` (or `card_body_fillable()`), but more generally enable easy customization of colors, fonts, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not only are utility classes useful to help with spacing and alignment of stuff _within_ a `card_body()` (or `card_body_fillable()`), but they also enable easy customization of [colors](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.3/utilities/colors/), [fonts](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.3/utilities/text/), and [more](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.3/utilities/).
```

::: row
::: col-md-6

> `navs_tab_card()` (as well as `navs_pill_card()`) makes it easy to create cards with multiple tabs (or pills). These functions have the same `full_screen` capabilities as normal `card()`s as well some other options like `title` (since there is no natural place for a `card_header()` to be used). Note that, similar to `card()`, the children of each `nav()` panel will be implicitly wrapped in a `card_body()` call, so use `card_body_fillable()` where appropriate to get [filling contents](#filling-contents).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`navs_tab_card()` and `navs_pill_card()` make it easy to create cards with multiple tabs or pills. These functions have the same `full_screen` capabilities as normal `card()`s as well some other options like `title` (since there is no natural place for a `card_header()` to be used). Note that, similar to `card()`, the children of each `nav()` panel will be implicitly wrapped in a `card_body()` call, so use `card_body_fillable()` where appropriate to get [filling contents](#filling-contents).
```

  ),
  card_body(
    height = "30%", class = "pt-0",

>     lapply(
>       lorem::ipsum(paragraphs = 3, sentences = c(5, 5, 5)),
>       tags$p
>     )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    lorem::ipsum(paragraphs = 3, sentences = 5)
```
